modified authentication doc (#648)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication.adoc

* <<Manage API Keys>>
* <<Making an API Request Using a Tenant Id>>

Below you will find a detailed explanation of each type of authentication used in the API documentation.

== API Key Authentication

When an API is marked with a red locked icon such as &nbsp;&nbsp;icon:lock[type=fas] it means you are required to provide an API key. 

To enable access to a secured API create one or more API keys. The API key is then supplied in the HTTP request using the Authorization header. See <<Manage API Keys>> for more information on adding additional keys.

The following example demonstrates the HTTP Authorization header with an API key of `2524a832-c1c6-4894-9125-41a9ea84e013`.

[source,properties]
----
Authorization: 2524a832-c1c6-4894-9125-41a9ea84e013
----

The following is a cURL example using the Authorization header using the above API key to retrieve a user. The line breaks and spaces are for readability.

[source,shell]
----
curl -H 'Authorization: 2524a832-c1c6-4894-9125-41a9ea84e013' \
     'https://local.fusionauth.io/api/user?email=richard@piedpiper.com'
----

Here's a brief video covering some aspects of API keys:

video::eJWRKjd4DV4[youtube,width=560,height=315]

> == Basic Authentication

Reviewer: am ok making it more explicit that it is 'basic auth with an api key'

When you create an API key, the key value is defaulted to a secure random value. However, the API key is simply a string, so you may set the key value to `super-secret-key` if you'd like. A long and random value makes a good API key in that it is unique and difficult to guess, so allowing FusionAuth to create the key value is recommended.

=== Managing API Keys via the API

Prior to version 1.26.0, the FusionAuth administrative user interface was the only way to create API keys. This functionality was not available through an API. Starting from version 1.26.0, API keys may be created using an API. Please refer to the link:/docs/v1/tech/apis/api-keys/[API Key API] for more information.

=== Create an API Key

image::create-api-key.png[Create an API Key,width=1200]

==== Form Fields

[.api]
[field]#Id#::
The unique Id of this API key.

[field]#Key#::
The unique string representing the API key. This is what is presented in the `Authorization` header for requests to FusionAuth.

[field]#Description#::
An optional description of this API key.

[field]#Tenant#::

> The optional tenant to which this API key will be assigned. This value cannot be changed once the API key is created. This field is only displayed when more than one tenant exists in the FusionAuth instance. 

Reviewer 2: I may have changed this in the last release, I think it is always displayed and can be set even when a single tenant exists. This was based upon user feedback. You can double check if you want, I think it is always displayed, and selectable always as well.

Reviewer: Double checked. The Tenant dropdown appears all the time now, but can't be modified after a key is created.

+
When you assign an API key to a tenant, any requests made with this key will only be able to operate on users, applications, groups, and other entities in the selected tenant.

[field]#Endpoints#::
One or more endpoints this API key will be authorized to access. 
+
Selecting no endpoints will *authorize this key for all API endpoints*.

> [field]#Key Manager#::

Reviewer 2: Should we add any additional warning here? Maybe it is self evident already?

Reviewer: Added some bold. Hard to do a callout inline. Happy to hear other suggestions.

== Overview

The FusionAuth APIs are primarily secured using API keys. A few APIs may use alternate credentials, such as a JWT, basic authentication. Certain APIs are accessible with no authentication. All secured APIs will return an `401 Unauthorized` response if improper credentials are provided.

Each API endpoint is marked with an icon describing supported authentication methods:

* icon:lock[type=fas] &nbsp;<<API Key Authentication>>

> * icon:shield-alt[type=fas] &nbsp;<<Basic Authentication With an API Key>>

Reviewer 2: Should we lowercase the `With`  ?

> Basic Authentication with an API Key

----
--

{nbsp} +

[NOTE]
====
This authentication method has been available since 1.26.0
====
== Basic Authentication with API Key
HTTP basic authentication is a simple, standards based, authentication method. A username and password are supplied, separated by a `:` and prefaced by `Basic`. The `username:password` string is base64 encoded.

Basic auth requires two pieces of information, username and password. In FusionAuth, to authenticate using the `Basic Auth` method, the username must be `apikey` (all lowercase) and the password must be any API key with the appropriate permission for the endpoint being called.

> === Authorization Header Examples

Reviewer: Need some space here.

Reviewer: Above this line

----
--

{nbsp} +

[NOTE]
====
This authentication method has been available since 1.26.0
====
== Basic Authentication with API Key

> HTTP basic authentication is a simple mechanism to request authentication information from a client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP basic authentication is a simple, standards based, authentication method. A username and password are supplied, separated by a `:` and prefaced by `Basic`. The `username:password` string is base64 encoded. 
```

> Basic auth requires two pieces of information, username and password. In FusionAuth, to authenticate using `Basic Auth` method, username must be `apikey` (all lowercase) and the password could be one of the available API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic auth requires two pieces of information, username and password. In FusionAuth, to authenticate using the `Basic Auth` method, the username must be `apikey` (all lowercase) and the password must be any API key with the appropriate permission for the endpoint being called.
```

==== Form Fields

[.api]
[field]#Id#::

> A unique Id of this API key

Author: Got it. FYI, role=bottom-cropped top-cropped is already there for the tenant api key.

> ==== Form Fields

Reviewer: For `create-api-key.png`, please re-take this screenshot with the scroll bar turned off. Instructions are here: https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-site/blob/master/DocsDevREADME.md#sizing-window-for-screenshots 

Please remove `shadowed` from the roles.

Please ensure that you have resized your browser to the correct size (it looks like you haven't as the size is 1600x1450, compare with https://fusionauth.io/assets/img/docs/installation-guides/cloud/provisioning-select-size-url.png which is 1600x1627).

The image guidelines are documented here: https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-site/blob/master/DocsDevREADME.md#sizing-window-for-screenshots It took me a few times to get them right too :)
